helpdesk_mgmt_project/README.rst, before:

================
Helpdesk Project
================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:0827993d27c9d6d55ec98ded0b2a59287a65a6471ccdc9231118aac5ee5204f5
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fhelpdesk-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/helpdesk/tree/16.0/helpdesk_mgmt_project
    :alt: OCA/helpdesk
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/helpdesk-16-0/helpdesk-16-0-helpdesk_mgmt_project
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/helpdesk&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds Project in Helpdesk.
We add to the project form view a ticket counter that redirects you to the helpdesk

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/helpdesk/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/helpdesk/issues/new?body=module:%20helpdesk_mgmt_project%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* PuntSistemes S.L.U.

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Puntsistemes <https://www.puntsistemes.es>`_:

  * Carlos Ramos Hernández

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Pedro M. Baeza

* `CommitSun <https://www.commitsun.com>`_:

  * Darío Lodeiros

* `Solvos <https://www.solvos.es>`_:

  * David Alonso

* `Sygel <https://www.sygel.es>`_:

  * Manuel Regidor

* `ALBA Software <https://www.albasoft.com>`_:

  * Rafa Morant

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/helpdesk <https://github.com/OCA/helpdesk/tree/16.0/helpdesk_mgmt_project>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[UPD] helpdesk_mgmt_project: Set by default the company as the project one in tickets

helpdesk_mgmt_project/README.rst, after:

================
Helpdesk Project
================

..
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:0827993d27c9d6d55ec98ded0b2a59287a65a6471ccdc9231118aac5ee5204f5
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fhelpdesk-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/helpdesk/tree/16.0/helpdesk_mgmt_project
    :alt: OCA/helpdesk
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/helpdesk-16-0/helpdesk-16-0-helpdesk_mgmt_project
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/helpdesk&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds Project in Helpdesk.
We add to the project form view a ticket counter that redirects you to the helpdesk.
We reiterated on tickets the behavior already in place on tasks in Odoo.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/helpdesk/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/helpdesk/issues/new?body=module:%20helpdesk_mgmt_project%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* PuntSistemes S.L.U.

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Puntsistemes <https://www.puntsistemes.es>`_:

  * Carlos Ramos Hernández

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Pedro M. Baeza

* `CommitSun <https://www.commitsun.com>`_:

  * Darío Lodeiros

* `Solvos <https://www.solvos.es>`_:

  * David Alonso

* `Sygel <https://www.sygel.es>`_:

  * Manuel Regidor

* `ALBA Software <https://www.albasoft.com>`_:

  * Rafa Morant

* XCG Consulting, part of `Orbeet <https://orbeet.io>`_

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/helpdesk <https://github.com/OCA/helpdesk/tree/16.0/helpdesk_mgmt_project>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
